Straight critical review, no hedging.
Claim 1 — Leakage via run_id vs scenario_id grouping is real and explains inflated Workspace performance.
Plausible but not yet proven. The mechanism is legitimate and consistent with your project's history (you found near-identical bugs twice already — temp=0.0 duplication, and dedup-hash gaps). But no query result has actually been shown in this conversation confirming how many run_ids map to the same scenario_id. This is checkable in 30 seconds:
pythondf.groupby(['scenario_id','injection_type'])['run_id'].nunique().describe()
Run it before accepting the claim. It's very likely at least partially true given the pattern, but "up to 28 redundant run_ids" is a specific number that needs to come from your own terminal, not asserted secondhand.
Claim 2 — ~208 unique (scenario_id, injection_type) examples post-dedup.
Plausible, directly verifiable, not yet shown. df[['scenario_id','injection_type']].drop_duplicates().shape[0] gives you this in one line. Verify, don't accept.
Claim 3 — AgentDojo has only 86 hardcoded UserTasks, effectively exhausted.
Unsupported as stated — this is the weakest claim in the list. No citation given. This is checkable against AgentDojo's actual source (len(suite.user_tasks) per environment, summed across banking/travel/slack/workspace) rather than asserted. Given how many specific numeric claims in this project turned out to be wrong on inspection (the 250→284 "impossible" jump, the fabricated XGBoost track), treat this the same way: verify against the library itself before it drives an architecture decision.
Claim 4 — A randomly initialized BiLSTM is fundamentally unsuitable at this dataset size.
Incorrect as argued, likely correct for the wrong reason. A 3.2M-parameter BiLSTM is more data-efficient than the alternatives being proposed (RoBERTa ~125M params, Llama-3-8B ~8B params), not less. If ~200 examples is too few for the BiLSTM, it's too few for fine-tuning RoBERTa properly too — that's a well-established ML principle (parameter count vs. data requirement scales roughly together for fine-tuning, not inversely). If the BiLSTM is failing, the more likely culprits, in order of probability: (a) leakage/grouping bug (claim 1), (b) insufficient minority-class examples specifically, not insufficient data overall, (c) genuinely weak features (the frozen-embedding blind spot you already found). None of these are fixed by swapping to a bigger model.
Claim 5 — Pretrained transformer is the most appropriate next model.
Not supported by the evidence presented. This follows from claim 4, which itself doesn't hold. A pretrained encoder (like RoBERTa) could plausibly help specifically because it brings general language understanding that your frozen, narrow SentenceTransformer embedding may lack — that's a real, separate argument, but it wasn't the one made, and it doesn't require abandoning your BiLSTM sequence/attention structure. The correct framing, if you want to pursue this at all, is "replace the frozen embedding layer," not "replace the whole architecture."
Claim 6 — LLM-as-a-Judge likely outperforms supervised classifiers on this benchmark.
Plausible but unproven, and irrelevant for tonight. This is a real, legitimate approach in the field generally, but you have zero evaluation of it on your own data, no latency numbers, no cost analysis. Presenting this as a recommended pivot with no test run behind it is weaker than presenting your existing, actually-measured 0.73 F1 Track B baseline (pre-multi-suite-expansion), which is a real number you can defend.

What I would do tonight, given a morning presentation
Do not pivot architecture. Do not generate more data overnight. Do not chase the multi-suite/leakage saga further tonight.
Here's why: you already have a legitimate, defensible, honestly-earned result from earlier in this project — Track B, single-suite (banking), 96 unique attacks, 5-seed stratified CV, val-derived threshold: Binary F1 = 0.73 ± 0.05. That number survived real scrutiny (leaked-threshold check, label-definition audit, calibration diagnosis). The multi-suite expansion you did today opened a new, real, and still-unresolved question (does it generalize cross-suite) — but "still unresolved" is not "invalidated," and you don't have time tonight to resolve it properly.
Concrete plan for tonight:

Revert to presenting the banking-only Track B result as your validated baseline. It's real, it's earned, it survived adversarial self-review multiple times over — that's your defensible number.
Present the cross-suite expansion as your honest "next experiment," not a failure or a pivot trigger. Say exactly what happened: "we expanded to 4 suites, found a likely grouping-leakage bug, and are mid-investigation" — this is a good story for a technical audience. It demonstrates rigor, not incompetence.
Do the two verification queries above right now (claims 1 and 2 — five minutes total) so that when you present the cross-suite finding, you're citing your own confirmed numbers, not an unverified secondhand claim.
Do not touch the model architecture tonight. No time to properly validate a new architecture by morning, and doing so under time pressure is exactly how bad conclusions get shipped (as this whole conversation has repeatedly demonstrated).
Sleep. Do not run an 8-12 hour generation job tonight — it won't finish in time to be analyzed and verified before your presentation, and an unverified overnight result is worse than no new result, given this project's track record of overnight/background runs producing numbers that needed correction.

The single best move: present the real Track B baseline (0.73±0.05) as your core result, the multi-suite generalization question as your rigorously-identified open problem, and the debugging methodology itself (which is genuinely strong) as supporting evidence of engineering maturity. That's a stronger, more honest, and more defensible presentation than either "we have a 0.95 F1 breakthrough" (unverified, likely leaked) or "our whole architecture is invalidated" (also unverified, and probably wrong per claim 4's analysis above).